https://github.com/MilosM348/Open-world-scripting-langage/tree/dev1

Don't forget to use lex and yacc with a modified C compiler.
I will try to design a powerfull supercomputer cells architecture by scratch.

# Open-world-scripting-langage. New scripting langage suited for large scale open world games. The core program can be written in C++. We don't use models yet but equation and functions in physics.. The abstracts of the langage is not finished yet . We previously worked on NAvier stokes equations that leladed us to  rooms humidity as a complexified field. As we work sometimes on complexity, we are exctied to push forward everytime.. Then, we released d the current state of the art. We used models too much at the moment. The basics of our studies were to express equations as constants and to express our various perceptions. Physical laws govern life from the bottom but we can express everything yet. At the moment, we use E*U^2 = E* R^2 * I^2. Finally, this can be a key that suit other constants. This seems so exciting but we have results. The rest of the stuff is not my part. the lzst lines of  code added to this scripting langage powered by cpp for the core program are able to run faster than a c program. this is due to big systems architectures. Samples will be ready the july 5th. plus, this langage have supercomputer programming tools. you can use to create a chess engine powered by supercomputers and I can extend my last chess engine too. Memory mapping with E*U^2 = E* R^2 * I^2 and log(x) will be ready soon. There must be a way to use equations and not models. Yeah, I'm massively using log(x) but it is correct according to my researches in physics at the moment. In the far futur, I will have to find other ways. There are 2 files in this repository that are strongly esquisses. maybe it can be used with the ps5 and more. If the esquisse for the benefits of computer graphics in this langage is true, you can download my stuff at another repository I pt earlier. DX11Editor. But I don't know what github company did to this repository because it seems to be private. I have some things to fix in order to help you more. Can be used to protect medical datas with supercomputers. If you are at least a GMI (I personnaly know some of them if I can say), you can create a supercomputer chess engine and go to tournaments.
you can use log(x)'2 or log(sqrt x) and drop the sort of energy formula after the first steps. this is my recent researches in economy.then, this program seems tiny after all.
guys, it can be used for football soccer simulation. i will be happy to share performances at free kick although im not old nor young. coming soon.
https://youtube.com/shorts/xvOVZf9G3hc?si=EyOTDTQlcSF6Sf7P

https://youtu.be/6InuRH6pQk4?feature=shared

Hi guys ! My stuff may be used to set physics engine for video games too. For example if you can push forward the last terms of runge kutta approximate behaviour with it.
It must be more sophisticated ways.
